:memo: migration guide (#306)
alakarteio/k-ramel: MIGRATION.md

# Migration Guide
## From 1.x.x to 2.0.0
### Deprecated
 - `@k-ramel/driver-redux-little-router` driver is deprecated. [You can now use `k-redux-router`](https://github.com/alakarteio/k-redux-router):

>     * We are removing it because `redux-little-router` is deprecated and archived from its authors: https://github.com/FormidableLabs/redux-little-router

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * We are removing it because `redux-little-router` is deprecated and has been archived by its authors: https://github.com/FormidableLabs/redux-little-router
```

### Breaking changes
 - `@k-ramel/driver-http` is not imported by default
    * In order to keep `k-ramel` as light as possible we remove the default usage of this driver

>     * When we added it as a default driver, we though that almost everybody would use it but since `graphql` is becoming strong, we believe it's time to not make it a default one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * When we added it as a default driver, we thought that almost everybody would use it but since `graphql` is becoming strong, we believe it's time to not make it a default one
```
